                                             FDA Compliance

All content and information found on this page are for informational purposes only and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. The FDA hasn't evaluated the statements provided on this page. Make sure you consult with a licensed doctor before taking any supplement or making any changes to your diet or exercise plan. Individual results may vary.


The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or endorsements of our website. If you click a merchant link and buy a product or service on their website, we may be paid a fee by the merchant.





Is Joint Genesis Safe?
Joint Genesis contains 100% natural and safe ingredients. It is therefore completely safe, effective, and natural. Joint Genesis is used daily by thousands of people. There have been no reported side effects. Joint Genesis are made in the USA at our FDA-approved, GMP-certified facility. We adhere to the highest standards. It is 100% natural, vegetarian, and non-GMO. Before using, consult your doctor if you have any medical conditions.


How Many Bottles Should I Order?
Joint Genesis is best used for at least 3 to 6 months to achieve the best results. This will ensure you reach your goals. Joint Genesis can be purchased monthly, but we recommend you buy 3 to 6 bottle of Joint Genesis as we offer discounts and that's the minimum amount you need to see results. You should note that this discount is not available year-round. So take advantage of it while you can.


How Will Joint Genesis Be Shipped To Me And How Quickly?
You can expect your order to be shipped within 5-7 business day if you live in the United States of America or Canada. Orders from outside the USA or Canada typically take between 8-15 business days (+ customs clearance). We will deliver your order to your office or home using a premium carrier like FedEx or UPS.


Is Joint Genesis Approved By The FDA?
Joint Genesis is manufactured in the USA by our FDA-approved, GMP-certified facility. We adhere to the highest standards.


Where to buy Cortexi?
Joint Genesis can be purchased from its official website. It is essential to ensure that you buy the supplement from a reputable retailer to ensure that you receive a genuine product.

Click HERE to Visit the Official Joint Genesis Website